feat(docs): add DNS Zone support (#72)
promitor/docs: docs/scraping/providers/dns-zone.md

---
tags:
  - Scraper
  - Resource Discovery
  - Networking
  - DNS
---

# Azure DNS Zone

> ![Availability Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Available%20Starting-v2.12-green.svg)![Resource Discovery Support Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20for%20Resource%20Discovery-Yes-green.svg)

Reviewer: These are not correct, can you update the version please

Author: Thanks for catching it. Updated it!

You can declare to scrape an Azure DNS Zone via the `DnsZone` resource type.

When using declared resources, the following fields need to be provided:

- `zoneName` - The name of the DNS zone

> All supported metrics are documented in the official [Azure Monitor documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/metrics-supported#microsoftnetworkdnszones).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All supported metrics are documented in the official [Azure Monitor documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/reference/supported-metrics/microsoft-network-dnszones-metrics).
```

Author: Done!
